DOCSP-34578 Vector search index (#598)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/indexes.txt

Create an Atlas Search Index
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Atlas Search indexes let you query data in `Atlas Search

> <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-search/>`__. To create an Atlas 
> Search index, see :ref:`compass-create-search-index`.

Reviewer: [suggestion] I would suggest taking out some of the redundancy here. (I know this format matches the other "create a xxx index" sections on the page but would suggest changing all of them for minimalism)

```suggestion
<https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-search/>`__. For more information, see :ref:`compass-create-search-index`.
```

Author: Updated.

Create an Atlas Vector Search Index
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Atlas Vector Search indexes enable you to index vector data *and* other data 

> types, facilitating semantic searches on the indexed fields. To create an 

Reviewer: [suggestion]
```suggestion
types, which facilitates semantic searches on the indexed fields. To create an 
```

Author: Updated.
